[**kernel**](../../../../../../../README.md)

***

[kernel](../../../../../../../modules.md) / [utils/error-handler/implementations/error-handler/handlers/dynamo-error-handler](../README.md) / DynamoErrorHandler

# Class: DynamoErrorHandler\<T, R\>

Defined in: [src/utils/error-handler/implementations/error-handler/handlers/dynamo-error-handler/index.ts:22](https://github.com/atolini/dyna-x/blob/9212a96a81963b1f87ab4e0a5690bd13f536ed17/src/utils/error-handler/implementations/error-handler/handlers/dynamo-error-handler/index.ts#L22)

Class responsible for handling errors related to DynamoDB, specifically retryable errors.
Implements the `ErrorActions` interface and checks if an error is one of the known DynamoDB errors.
If the error can be handled, it logs detailed information and returns an appropriate response.
If the error cannot be handled, a generic error response is returned.

## Type Parameters

### T

`T`

The type of the response returned by the handler (e.g., API response type).

### R

`R` *extends* [`IResponseBuilder`](../../../../../../response-builder/contracts/interfaces/IResponseBuilder.md)\<`T`\>

The response builder type that implements the `IApiResponse<T>` interface.

## Implements

- [`IErrorActions`](../../../../../contracts/i-error-actions/interfaces/IErrorActions.md)\<`T`, `R`\>

## Constructors

### Constructor

> **new DynamoErrorHandler**\<`T`, `R`\>(): `DynamoErrorHandler`\<`T`, `R`\>

#### Returns

`DynamoErrorHandler`\<`T`, `R`\>

## Methods

### canHandle()

> **canHandle**(`error`): `boolean`

Defined in: [src/utils/error-handler/implementations/error-handler/handlers/dynamo-error-handler/index.ts:40](https://github.com/atolini/dyna-x/blob/9212a96a81963b1f87ab4e0a5690bd13f536ed17/src/utils/error-handler/implementations/error-handler/handlers/dynamo-error-handler/index.ts#L40)

Checks if the given error is one of the retryable DynamoDB errors.

#### Parameters

##### error

`Error`

The error to be checked.

#### Returns

`boolean`

`true` if the error is a known DynamoDB error, otherwise `false`.

#### Implementation of

[`IErrorActions`](../../../../../contracts/i-error-actions/interfaces/IErrorActions.md).[`canHandle`](../../../../../contracts/i-error-actions/interfaces/IErrorActions.md#canhandle)

***

### handle()

> **handle**(`error`, `logger`, `resBuilder`): `T`

Defined in: [src/utils/error-handler/implementations/error-handler/handlers/dynamo-error-handler/index.ts:55](https://github.com/atolini/dyna-x/blob/9212a96a81963b1f87ab4e0a5690bd13f536ed17/src/utils/error-handler/implementations/error-handler/handlers/dynamo-error-handler/index.ts#L55)

Handles the given error by logging details about the error and returning an appropriate response.
The response will indicate the type of DynamoDB error that occurred.

#### Parameters

##### error

`Error`

The error to be handled.

##### logger

[`ILogger`](../../../../../../logger/contracts/interfaces/ILogger.md)\<`any`\>

Logger instance for logging error details.

##### resBuilder

`R`

The response builder used to create the error response.

#### Returns

`T`

A response generated by the response builder, typically indicating an internal server error.

#### Implementation of

[`IErrorActions`](../../../../../contracts/i-error-actions/interfaces/IErrorActions.md).[`handle`](../../../../../contracts/i-error-actions/interfaces/IErrorActions.md#handle)
