[**kernel**](../../../../../README.md)

***

[kernel](../../../../../modules.md) / [utils/error-handler/implementations/error-handler](../README.md) / ErrorHandler

# Class: ErrorHandler\<T, R\>

Defined in: [src/utils/error-handler/implementations/error-handler/index.ts:16](https://github.com/atolini/dyna-x/blob/9212a96a81963b1f87ab4e0a5690bd13f536ed17/src/utils/error-handler/implementations/error-handler/index.ts#L16)

ErrorHandler class handles errors by using specific error action handlers.
It checks which handler can process a given error and invokes it.
If no handler is found, it returns a generic internal error response.

## Type Parameters

### T

`T`

The type of the response returned by the handler (e.g., API response type).

### R

`R` *extends* [`IResponseBuilder`](../../../../response-builder/contracts/interfaces/IResponseBuilder.md)\<`T`\>

The response builder type that implements the `IApiResponse<T>` interface.

## Constructors

### Constructor

> **new ErrorHandler**\<`T`, `R`\>(`resBuilder`, `logger`, `handlers?`): `ErrorHandler`\<`T`, `R`\>

Defined in: [src/utils/error-handler/implementations/error-handler/index.ts:28](https://github.com/atolini/dyna-x/blob/9212a96a81963b1f87ab4e0a5690bd13f536ed17/src/utils/error-handler/implementations/error-handler/index.ts#L28)

Creates an instance of the ErrorHandler.

#### Parameters

##### resBuilder

`R`

The response builder used to create error responses.

##### logger

[`ILogger`](../../../../logger/contracts/interfaces/ILogger.md)\<`any`\>

Optional logger instance to log errors.

##### handlers?

[`IErrorActions`](../../../contracts/i-error-actions/interfaces/IErrorActions.md)\<`T`, `R`\>[]

Optional list of custom error handlers to process errors.

#### Returns

`ErrorHandler`\<`T`, `R`\>

## Methods

### handleError()

> **handleError**(`error`): `T`

Defined in: [src/utils/error-handler/implementations/error-handler/index.ts:50](https://github.com/atolini/dyna-x/blob/9212a96a81963b1f87ab4e0a5690bd13f536ed17/src/utils/error-handler/implementations/error-handler/index.ts#L50)

Handles errors by finding the appropriate handler from the list of registered handlers.
If a handler is found, it processes the error and returns a response.
If no handler is found, it logs the error and returns a generic internal error response.

#### Parameters

##### error

`Error`

The error to be handled.

#### Returns

`T`

The response generated by the handler, or a generic error response.
